Add instructions for setting up GH npm token (#143)
flowforge/handbook: development/staging.md

When setting up a team you'll need to enter billing details. For credit card
details, use [the Stripe mock data](https://stripe.com/docs/testing#testing-interactively).

## Using the FlowForge Device Agent with staging

> Staging uses pre-release npm packages stored in a GitHut npm repository. To be able to use these packages you will need to authenticate with the repository.

Author: ```suggestion
Staging uses pre-release npm packages stored in a GitHub npm repository. To be able to use these packages you will need to authenticate with the repository.
```

You will need to create a GH Personal token

> 1. Go to your account -> settings (click on avatar then near bottom of menu)

Reviewer: We can remove 3 bullet points completely:
```suggestion
1. Go to your [classic personal access tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens)
```
